thats how our children went 20 mom
from February
on classes except indoors 9 11 heat
children sit ottawa in clothes that is, we
We are experiencing health of course
our children
parents are disturbing the path of knowledge
charge and become truly cold
Well, they say it was called indoors
schools
almost a lot
This is due to the fact that the column will go to
publicity
30 h
during the investigation in october knowledge and usa
doing all the time
third grade students news
the chief will soon have a few days not
engaged in outerwear
warmly dressed not only children but also
teacher thanks
4 pages
in the final
how much today is 10 degrees
heat from this week is not the most
low rate
but as it turned out the school and now there is
colder room
if not
he
well fit and children become
here according to school workers
air temperature does not rise above
six degrees
for comments we decided to apply
directly to the head of administration
mufti turned
they know about the problem but establish the reason for not
can
what about primary school
total buildings
publication well, for example, I do not understand
why
the publication reports
in the State Statistics Committee
in Italy
hot
when we prepare comes if u head
many administrations
one of them is any February frosts
the second is too much analysis of water
villagers
and another bad job local
public utilities
but we are doing it
I did not accept the system first today
being evaluated how to say
m scored her just need to just
every year is held that is the same
I still don't know the frequency of that
why
we call part of the country to the participants
where did the district authorities look when
getting ready for winter
why this social object
turned out to be not ready for the heating season
and why it turned out only in
end of February and most importantly who will
be responsible for
non-compliance with temperature
mode and schoolchildren health is possible
answers to these questions will be able to find
prosecutor's office
Natalia Vasileva Bolivia Omen News
Dimitrovgrad